so there's this movie that's so bad it's
great now I could have been a the bottle
of cap or my inner female that truly
loves fantasy romances but this one this
one right here is a special kind of
streaming let me explain so there's this
well I guess this is like the one time I
can 1000% say it has no gender because
it's a person named a who's been waking
up in a different person's body every
day like since it was a baby
they took different poops in different
infants and it's not until it's like six
years old that a ends up going wait a
minute I'm not like everyone else from
the few rules that the movie gives you a
pretty much goes into a body of anyone
that's like within a 20-mile radius
right and it's always someone who's
around age age there always happens to
be enough people in the town I guess so
he's never the same person twice he has
till midnight in that body before he
just hibernates until 7:00 a.m. the next
day and gets a new one and if he ever
wakes up in a body that's taken a flight
from like Arizona to Detroit well he now
lives in Detroit one day he ends up as
Justin who's that kid running scared in
the Jurassic Park trailer and he meets
up with his girlfriend Amy Adams jr. and
he falls in love real just is actually a
jerk so it's hilarious the next day when
she's like oh my goodness our date was
so good and he was like
brah was I drunk it continues to swap in
two different bodies around town except
for the blanket which he wakes up his
blind kid and in the movie he literally
just rolls back to bed but he tries to
find a way to meet up with this girl who
he has fallen in love with every day and
then finally he decides you know what
I'm gonna tell the truth which makes her
go you kissed me without my consent
eventually she was like okay it's cool
it's fine since a is a nice guy and she
decides that they're gonna try to make
this relationship work every day she
breaks up with her boyfriend pretty much
ignores her friend since you know
they'll never believe that she's dating
a like 20 million people and even bailey
pickett post disney is looking at her
sister like girl see this girl ends up
getting jiggy was like the entire cast
on IMDB like if they dated for a month
right she's dating a and a swapping
around embodies she straight up making
out with like 30 different dudes or
dudettes who are complete strangers to
her here's what I thought that was
excellent remember
girls complaining about consent which I
guess only matters if it's happening to
you cuz she's getting smashed by dudes
who in all honesty are being possessed
by a and having their bodies used so
they're gonna wake up the next morning
just going why do I smell like fish
I love how a keeps an Instagram account
as well where he's like taking selfies
of everyone who he is so it's like if
you want to get caught this is how you
get caught they eventually even talk
about how some people can actually
retain the memories while their bodies
possessed by a which is really messed up
when you think about this one kid who
thought he was possessed by the devil
for a day there's another homeschooled
kid who got caught making out with his
white girl so he's grounded for life she
don't care they had chubs over here
misses trip to Hawaii so they'd be
together and then towards the end of the
movie they decide you know what let's
just uh ruin this kid's life and keep
his body for days wait what so it turns
out the movie hits you with a new logic
like halfway through and a can stay
longer in a body of someone who doesn't
have the will to live like there's a
suicidal girl and he's able to stay
longer in her body since well she's
suicidal but if you're using that logic
then what didn't that mean that you
would have less time if he's in a body
of someone with a big ego who does want
to live like Justin none of that even
matters though cuz at the end he becomes
Alex the kid in the poster for like a
week at this point everyone at school
was like girl you didn't smash seven
dudes a week and you ain't even private
about they eventually realizes that one
he can't like I don't know mentally
kidnap this kid any longer and he also
realizes that when they get older and
he's swapping out bodies hi they gonna
have a kid ain't gonna be his kid how is
he gonna come home a different person
every time especially when if they're
teenagers now and don't have that many
responsibilities him swapping out
embodies of adults with marriages ain't
gonna make no sense Soleil decide to
part ways Rihanna read Rihanna ends up
with the real Alex who all of a sudden
isn't shy and a decides to leave to New
York which is what he always wanted to
do to start a new life in the big city
but like wait you just you just messed
up that person's plan and wasted their
gas thank you guys for watching this
video as always let me know your
thoughts down below this is that movie
that if you didn't catch in theaters
catch every day on a streaming right the
friend your buddy Captain Moore
and have yourself a great time on that
let me know your thoughts down below in
the comment section any other movies
want me to cover any other movies you
don't know if you want to see I'll check
it out for you don't forget to comment
like and subscribe and I'll make sure
that Alex doesn't possess your body for
today